---
layout: session
title: "Rool — Session 16 (February 9, 2023)"
date: 2023-02-09
campaign_url: /rpg/rool/
campaign_name: "Rool"
---

Wild Beyond Hr Witchlight
2/9/2023 16
Rerined after absence. Recap that we did no
trust "Nobody"
But we would be willing to Explore
as "rude guests without recearly
getting into shit.
Self help wizard book +
Adventure Stor crose, I lovers, Fankenstei'n brain.
Dewey The Bear the Bear.
whore, The Feywild things are
Goldike (alls
The boy sped through the thonis fast as a
have as he whiskestone and ron backwards
Marnspinner probably went through the doo seret
doar in classics,
Classics Carlotta's wach.
where this Campesth's sig. Find an unlit
mid mig it candle.
Lord of the Tacria niges.
Went through the servet
sarvot passage and
found a book that follow about Mysh Bird
Found book about Down and cupcake contest.
Tond Book about myself and sneil suured mi
See jobdę pick up a book
Nobody de troyed the Toke of arengtmart

2/2
wild Beyond the witchlight 2/9/2023
After reading books we regained our memories
we chased, after, nobody (turned into a racire
Smail to rotch)
Warnspinner caught us. We fought nobody
Yarna pinnor ünsit my star threutonica books.
Yarmjener agreed to let us go if we
gave him a take that he didn't know
Chris told the story that he got created
to Parnspinner. (3) setter performance from Chin
ys mulls over the story, accept it, disappensing mist
MIDNIGHT CANDLE
Wondrous Item, common
While holding this candle you can cause a harmless flame
to appear on its wick that sheds bright light in a 5-foot
radius and dim light for an additional 5 feet. When you
cause the flame to appear, you may designate up to ten
creatures who are able to see the light from it.

2/2
wild Beyond the witchlight 2/9/2023
After reading books we regained our memories
we chased, after, nobody (turned into a racire
Smail to catch)
Warnspinner caught us. We fought nobuda /
Yarna pinnor ünsit my star threatened backs
Parmjener agreed to let us go if we
gave him a take that he didn't know
ioblitions
Chris told the story that he got created
to Yarnspinner. (31 satt for performance from Chin)
bus mulls over the story, acceps it, disappensing mist
Allystar Henraalemand to destry books
Hold Peoon on Nobeda revealed to
PE Zaroh half- ot assasin in
Strongheart talk
they Bashad his brains in
Yarnspinner came back, the real one, to
and apologized. And gave us slippers of
spidercling and explained that his domain
had Merged with prismen and with
on getting unmorged to free from correption
to become Ghat es. And we leveled
up.
work
