---
layout: session
title: "Rool — Session 01 (September 1, 2022)"
date: 2022-09-01
campaign_url: /rpg/rool/
campaign_name: "Rool"
---

Wild Beyond the witchlight Session I
Northwind had relayed
9/1122 1/8
From last session: Mr. Witch + Mr. Light were no
original owners, acting "Scared"
worried about someone finding out!
Mysterious Benefactor hat
they were
Glisher +Glean had Sun & Moon thered act, Glitter missirs but
saw Shadow
fujur
Went to the carosel and there was a woman
holding a box that looks flustered.
Someone Stole all the horns and the naneplaks.
the wooden unicorns refuse to non until
they have their horns and names returned
Ded a lagic puzzle (scan is later)
Once
Blightstraw
unicorns celay info:
Blightrope hair in Swamp of Hithar
lair in Hollowal out thee in
thithar
Bavlorna
Škabitha
Endalicion Mesongrove
lair in a mountain top.
theater in youn
Lairs have over powered and solit domain
of Zybilna of
I purch Hass of Wie Hour gless Covenant
S
Went to Gandola swons, swan Precis ils frather's
Swan's nam & Fralhereen
River made by Northwind by a Blue Ribbon
Fuat herken poxed multiple metaphysical quetiors
Then she shifted to talk about love: the mimo
Candlefoot and the mermaid Palosha

Alistair
Archibald XX
Bonnie
Edwin
Alistair
XX Archibald
ƏV
38 Florence
Oswald
LU
3V8 Winifred
Winston
Əvr
X
Edwin
× Bonnie
X
XX
t
XXXX
xXxx Florence
Xx Oswald
xx Winifred
+OX
  XXX
Red
3 × xxx Winston
X
XI
X
x
X X X Û x x
X
X
XX
X
Yellow
Blue
XX Orange
XX Green
x
X X X
X
X
X
X
Xx
Q X
X
Silver
XX Purple
XOX
X. X X
XXX
Ox
XX
X
X
X X Gold
xxx
XX
Y
Alistair
Yellow
Archibald +
Groen
1) Unicorns don't pair with those who share the 1st letter of their name.
2) Unicorns with 8-letter names have horns of primary colors.
3) Primary colors pair with complementary secondary colors.
A) Names starting with "W" have warm tones.
5) Double-vowel names pair.
6) Winifred's pair has the same number of vowels in their name as they do.
7) Gold belongs to the shortest name.
Edwin
Gold
Florence
Blue
Bonnie
Purple
winifred
- Red
Oswald
Silver
+ Winston
 ramo
wild Beyond witch light
Session I 9/1/22 218

wild Bey and the Witchlight
3/8.
Candles foot was about to declove his love for
Palasha but the words left him. this uprer
Ailagha.
Polasha Candle foot has lost his voler
She enjoys these sort of converstions, has daudope
a friend Ship with Burly, the Bugbear.
He's a scholer. His brother Hurley is missing.
But he did not fit in anyhow.
Burley had spoken to owners to search for him
but they convinced hicen to stay since
Searching with no leads would be mwise.
+ punch
Chris had his fortune read by an elderly lady,
Alex had his fortune raad.
and then tolls for others,
when she finishes, she disappears.
See live withot
We Go to Ana shiamamerther bowl. Sha
lake and hear
Controls the water to illustrate her story.
We hear hecklers in the crowd.
was vettlesteam. Chris intimidated her to
stop diar uptons until Big Top Extavayan za
Return to Calliope. Being played by a monkey with a
cloak covered with Buttons. Monkey's name
is Ernest. As result of prank involving
organ grinder, wine, and leprechaun, and they
Swappry
consciousness and now monkey hody
off. Ernest is trapped in monkey body.
His assistant to a goblin named Nitrigold.
Give a

wild Beyond the witchtigt 418
FORTUNE ROOL
"I see you live without that
thing which truly makes one
feel alive..."
As this vision takes over,
you find yourself standing near
a window.gearon as you
look out, you are taken aback
by the sight of moths, the
size of a wagon, fluttering about
in an oversized belljar.

wild Beyond the witchtigte 8
You look further and are able
to deduce the house you are in has
been constructed inside the bedroom
of a giant.

witchligt
File, into the Big lop, as, We show is about
to start.
A Bleachers are filling up
as lights, dim
vein
a light Elvon figur
over ring by a pope. He has a
pinning
(Mr. Light:) the greets
rowd at the extravaganza. witch off to side
hour rotates through shaves
Burley per forms feats of Strongh
Palasha scran take the crowd.
Cand Iefoot plaus silent game.
Faeric drayon
tr
troops acrobats, clowns, firebrea thus
As performance goes on they reach
out for an audience volunteer
Over
Alex volunteers to malch strength wilt Burley
on a strength Contest.
I volunteed to have Knives thrown at me.
Did not get hit
Alex tried to cham w/ Enthelling performance butt
Chris They made their save.
is approache Mr. Withch and er. Light
Shadar-kai. A. Surly clown.
ar
&
steps in front of him to stop him
from getting closer. Smokes a bubble pipe.
Chris tried to persuade him to let him puss.
SuaReded and was able to pass.
Chris tolket to Mr witch.

witchlight
7/8
At the end of the show they encourager
everyone to return for the crowning
of the witchlight monarch.
Burly
Comer over to speak to us As
Burly Excorted us, Alex asked bim
about the missing employees including his
brother as we walked back
He likes off his jack o lantern helm..
He explains that many have gone missing
He
but bosses haven't locked interit.
they're good guys so whatever has them
worried must be extraordinary slekes.
while he does not condone theft, but
if you got one of the items it would
hola' them to it.
Vank controls who is monarch,
watch is attached to Mr witch by
a chain wheever thing to liff it would
need to deal with it
Diclagon palasha candkfool could help
Stay away from thaco he's not trustantly.
chris, talked to witch + Light while cuc
tolked to Burlty. We then arrived to
Join back up! :
We were asked what we were doing at the carnival
Chris
the rest gave
My mission
answers
Wight Expressed that he was sorry that wa
lost comething here.

Wild Bay and witchlight
818
Group Persuasion Check ance Alex pushed
paint to succeeded.
the admit they were not inte oris owners
thing went will until recently. They
lost contact with carival patron Sybilno.
there is a Fey Crossing in carnivil
Condition to open is
One way portal.
can be open later
there are other creatures in carnival that
cross more freely.
Crossing is in half of illusion
If we go through we need to find way best
those who sneak in with a ticket are
robbed
of something this is the deal.
Hags have discovered the circumstances
that they got the carnival
the hags weren't
to people.
the arrangement should have kept then safe.
the wings help them identify who had wings.
Mast after crowning of monarch and get
the means to cross.
Next session would be carnival
games.
