---
layout: session
title: "Rool — Session 09 (November 10, 2022)"
date: 2022-11-10
campaign_url: /rpg/rool/
campaign_name: "Rool"
---

11/10/22 wild Beyond the witchlight
$12
Wk Golligne
wk met wi King Gollypup and Alex portrayed
of Ky boty
hingelf as a great prophed
Great Croakar
Passed a note that said
11 Find Illly, the Baron of Meckst ump, at race.
with a frey sout sypinbel, in Sylvan
The revolution lives! "
Kiny Gollup and his baby crocodile Snoodle
Clothing Shop / Haberdashen run by Dumphry. Frogart.
Got directed to rebels who had a plan to
stab the king in the eye be tripping and ::
stabbing him in the eye, and be come king
then give the crates to Baulorna,
He folt that the king was weak and ther
Great Croaker was superstitious.
Lid of Box has Boulona's name on them
inside are several animal carcasses. '
Returned to King, series of events Myster
convinced Ling to bow to Great Croaker,
who was killed yoxplaced by illy,
who in won was deposed for democracy.
( whon that summarized.)
Human Bized Doll pincusions. Door loading out of rea
Cabinot/Cubpard with a siker Hourghsss sigil
can open it by pushing (radating it. tracup ceramic rouldy

11/10/22 wild Beyond Das witchlistet
212
Insid. cauoron with nole saying spittlespew.
and lots of miscellamuss junk and goodfic.
e
Upstairs we found a giant wasp nest wher
WE led the fross from dow'stairs to come
eat the wosps nest.
Fress getsid, on Balcony say Baulorna expstairs
with another individual people
Found a redcap that was the chief namic
BH Bloodyloes, who was chasing vaulterer
Convinced vutures to leave.
Bloody toes in allergic to anyone running
aiddershing near her (counter clock wise
We left off there.
