---
layout: session
title: "Rool — Session 29 (May 18, 2023)"
date: 2023-05-18
campaign_url: /rpg/rool/
campaign_name: "Rool"
---

wild Bay ord the Witchlight
5/18/23 piebeler
We crossed the cham
piebold with
NK found piel
a pony
a ling hut on its back. Knocked on ur dar
and a wizved bricgy-moll came out. teld
us the purple wor
was known
a Jerry
He ale children. He was glad to have
b
He nome wur
Lyrint
Obud.
Horse nume
• ky kone
Mazi Moth and th the Moonstone Ergon.
Be came ussexisel with the Florissho Elari stor
Gyrinth look urhia made did with Endulin,
dial
She won't into an eternal sumber
we agrard to recue diagon to
dragon to get brigganook
(scholar)
We
rewined to Korreds, hold them why, convinced thin
that westrobe
should work togely
Mending north to find
"
ashur

wild Buy and M
a
a
HE
(schola
Mazi Melu
Be
WC
M
6). D
5/18/2
WE
STAPLES
W
We should work all legeller
We leave noth lo, find the Str
obomirs Hrone.
21
1
kay bone
I come upon a cowled
sure that sloos is
with a clocked.
clocked whorgon.
as
pla pulls back curton o ced die
The wagon with peint
Backdrop of you.
Feld
See drop down from top sit
of marionetter if he l
party.
The scenes are from
Mystars point of view.
Changed when he your eye
to Asracl.
At the end a ticket
that says good for I prived and
PAYS
samoch

wild Bay and the Witchlight
piebald with
a ponly
We crapsed
the cham.
a ling hut on its burk. Knocked on Hr der
1. Fuld
Ar
US
H
(schol
Mazi yolu
B
L
we a
we
5/18/23 piebela
11
iNk found
V.
arrive at a cliff with <
breathtaking view of landscape
Track path of constellations.
with telescope which
makes shape of dragon
and opens portal and
hear a voice ach for help
perry i
After Eighting garth and destroy,
Crystals, we release the
dragon who can clar ker
Wics and can arrangs a
„eclipse
there is a gauth jusjuk. Ma
asked what way magie we
brought for 1).
Myster
gave up the di cord out hopp.
Give Mazikoth Guide and another
its fione
Vay!
when fast hit grond, lighter 11.
Gravity Tess in demipless
stor
olin,
garcels
 inced then
