---
layout: session
title: "Rool — Session 03 (September 15, 2022)"
date: 2022-09-15
campaign_url: /rpg/rool/
campaign_name: "Rool"
---

wild Bay and witchlight
a akil Played Ring tuss, kejat a prize
Tunch
-launch
-1
punch
Playel Gtch the Faceric dragon,
at a application of face pain
t punch
Goblin wrestling
turned into
squid mid wrestle
won the word of presticgitation
Got
I purch
9/15
Guess number of feathers on
cockatrica.
Fai lap His one
Hide and seek in faeria Kingdom.
Daun won in the ent.
a
won
arother Fay Pact: Must dance when wc
34
hecar ou
name.
Got Cobweb
for staring contest w/ Cyclops
a new application of 'face pain!
her
1/5
Kettlestraum appears. Myster East sleep on him,
to
they
the
fout
/ Put her pixic dust on him to shrink
with mushrooms,
Hard short of alarım outside of carnival
redurned to normal size and rushed to
hall oc
illusions.

wild Beyond the witchlight
Pixie
Packer
amall
oc
PIXIE DUST
As an action, you can sprinkle
this clust on yourself or another
creature you can see within 5' of
you. The recipient gains a flying
Speed of 30' and the ability to
hover for 1 minute. If the creature
is airborn when this effect ends,
it falls Safely to the ground, taking
no damage & landing on its feet.
A small packet holds enough dust
for I application.
l'application
disguise
Dist
alc
shpell
of magical Face paine x2
self
I ma ramand of prestidigitation
More
215

9/15
3/5
hall of illusin
was being dagged in to
by strang
strany frog Creaturess. Entored initiative
myster slept Heh her
wild Beyond the witchlight.
Turbo
Kettlesteam apper to tell us that another kid is
in trouble in the hall of illusion.
As
we went into hall of illusions and see
ourselves as a child and see ourselves
age OUR tince in mimors
Claser, oir
way
has goody into sowply the little girl
told us to walk away.
Chris chaged after but mirror was solid
obic ct.
Returned to talk to Lornlings. Found out that they
are minions o Baulurna They say that
they take some other is come willing ly
they only take those that they are instructal
to take
Big top sweet to event started, crowning of
the
monar ch event.
Dayster got crowned the Monaco
Down convinced Kattlestram to return the voice
she stole from Candle fall
Mood went up to the top. It was like bar,
witch tlight arries and head to holl & Illusion

9115
sack is beyon
wild Beyond the witchlight
Everthing you
but
4/5
Hit to fins a one-way trip, will
hard to find our way back.
thither here and fuere
show me where
Wande yonder,
As we go through my mirror, Gal a
lug and and up in Prisus..
will Me rule of 3
Future present past
Find the alicorn and free the
dormant quer
Stand on the edge of a cause cuan
in a swamp shrouded by fog.
Fog is a solid moss all around outside
Of Hither.
Sany a song about breaking nose + boncs
and stalling item and Addon Ascon
Gary scart the brigand prince. Of Prismer
Mixstar caused them to sloup, instradnod
themelues as Agustus Fluffy bottom.
the snail with the Haring on could not
coax their snail to go. We asked it
the snail is he wanked to go

wild Beyond the witchlight 9/15
Snail
gave up his
now nami
come
with
We closed at
515
and got a
and will
old name
Gloop is its old nume
US.
going to look for tho
balloon in the di
