---
layout: session
title: "Rool — Session 22 (March 23, 2023)"
date: 2023-03-23
campaign_url: /rpg/rool/
campaign_name: "Rool"
---

wild
Beyond the withigh! 3/23/23
ELDERCAP
Eating one of these white and gray
mushrooms causes the eater to look
much older for 1 hour. This magical
effect is an illusion that can be ended
with a dispel magic spell.
BUTTERFLY SADDLE
Each of these bright yellow
toadstools has a ruffled, saddle-
shaped cap properly sized for a pixie
or sprite to sit on. They taste like
butter and can be used as a
substitute
that ingredient in
recipes.
EXECUTIONER'S HOOD
Each of these mushrooms has a
black, hood-shaped cap. Any
creature that consumesan
executioner's hood must succeed on
a DC 12 CON Save or fall into a
cataleptic state that is
indistinguishable from death. This
magical effect is identical to that of
the feign death spell (including 1
hour duration).
2/2-
PRICKLENOGGIN
Each of these mushrooms has short,
prickly spines growing out of its red
cap. Hats made from pricklenoggin
caps are popular in the fey courts
and considered very fashionable.
Most tiny Fey would be grateful to
receive one as a gift.
F
HUMMINGBRELLA
A hummingbrella is a colorful
mushroom with a frilly, parasol-
shaped cap that drips sweet nectar
and attracts hummingbirds. Eating
one has the same effect as drinking
antitoxin.

1/2 
wild Beyond the witchlight 3/23/23
Herr Feast, +19 hp. Levelled up to 7
adu to wisdom saves, Immone Four + Pojjon.
Dand tror strees grow out of it, quaint storafront.
Thicke stalls in Goblin market.
Chucklehed woblin bus, leader of gobling, maggot
inting head, mishka is his friendly, one of the
for it,
children, offers barrel of candy for
Setup the most w/ Cranny wishichado
potef
myster throw and, into binipir mouth, turn into
Sho offered desgusting ton. Nextor Mhean anday int
Growing Nights hade's mouth. She grow.
RECUED kika gyder distraction, drow body male soap key, girl wan
Found a bunch of mushrooms and gatherer i
much as I could after feccting Pas
as
Room ul round wintous +balcoms
Fought living doll, rug of smothering, Mystar
got a packet of duit of collision.
Smucl 7 uido sofar.
wrapped up he
1
