---
layout: session
title: "Rool — Session 00 (August 25, 2022)"
date: 2022-08-25
campaign_url: /rpg/rool/
campaign_name: "Rool"
---

Wild Beyond the Witchlight Session 0: Rool 1/3
will shost be available?)
Now Rules ( will short be
Thursday 7pm
will be posted.
Mundary items will not be tracked, so they will becom
"bear fund"
- 4h-
ch- ~
Inspiratse as best recop
a ceroll
Do "cod slrit"
- Provide snacks
- Vote at the and for MUP
can have another player recoll
No "parroll"
for recolls, if proficient can recall, expertise another again
succeed with consequences if you fail by 3 or less.
Ifyor you to Ong, for
mahu
consequences you can i stof
one more attack but get exboustion +
Prone Prosace AO when standing
Character feels no sense of accomplishment
NPCs regard no with pity, but not inclined to
Valo me waith just mainly pity.
Dorlock, Chris ; Alex, ; Sara, knowledgy Clark, Anthony, Brd
Madryck Rusl of Worlak lives on a pumplin form, siends Chris to
Prismeer to see what happened to Zabilna.
witchlight arnival every & yours, only routo to přisneer
witch light arnival cve-l of seasons, on
D+D

wild Bewnd witchigt Carrivol Sesción o 21/3
witchlight even, 8 youss
Guid, fint memory
Tant
vuon hung
facil sonse
foel a return of that sense of loss agail
just recently
Owners Mr. witch & Mr Light
were not hapful. "Every visit has its cost,"
with the return feel orselves heading in and
Standing there without conscluck thinking
that some
Gothared outside of the carnival son o garop of
kids trying to sneak in " actawcy bang"
Provided then cover to
sncall in
SELL
why we
of loss with other (party)
snuck in ceas lose,
a big treaut twalking around with
his squimal friend
Caught sycamore seed.
Santral
tira is th
samas
hk con make a wish
Get a d8, to add to ability check
before down.
Savicall is named red.
Went I visi!
b
visit Didlago
déplacer boast, in
lost + found. She did not have peach colbla
Little boy tried to take mirror bull, Diclogon
snapped at Kid, grabbed ball and hid
van off kiet name is Vira. Lever
for Kid but did not see him
an first's leur.
D+D

3/3
Wild Beyond the witchlight Session O
Ran into Northwind, the front, Mr wikh & Mr happy
ware not the original owners, they're not even from
the Foy wild. Mr Witch's watch is magical Carrulal
without it.
Cannot run
Spent the sycamore seed. Kid returned to Dirleyon
can find tur star.
- 1 pundi She gave ball so that
Rode dragonfly. Kid was falling off of dragonfly.
Flew over and alnad dragonfly. Mystor
put kid ("Rod") to sloup to get a ticket.
Kerku w/ Black Frothers had cost a spell to
Cause problems.
Shadowy fisura
Chris tried ļo catek crow and jumped off a
dragonfly and got hurt. Frying to find
the Kink's. Andd Manged to find the banku
who dontal to get the owner's attention.
Mr. Light carring a Weather prane that barks The
Mood of the carnija).
-1 ponch
Went b Faccio Gedet. ealing Contest
Got 16 cupcakes, Dawn won
reword cupcake of invisibility
-8 Custard
amą
-> custard
-8 custard
6 custard
D+D
