---
layout: session
title: "Rool — Session 02 (September 8, 2022)"
date: 2022-09-08
campaign_url: /rpg/rool/
campaign_name: "Rool"
---

Wild Beyond the Witchlight Session 2
pond went to snail Racing
Trinkat: ting pumplein shaper
Cauldron made out or
boy oak
Iponch
Kids in race
Won gmail racc
when
tick wert to get
-1 punch
tell JFC near and but
lead enough to win
desspits Gulling offer
camo off the race, one kid was missing
3 t??
9/81221/3
more ticket
I dit a Fry Pact
must wear a flower crown and water every hour
Went
on mystery Mine Dwarf asad
us to peer into the all SERI
Qccered into the all sering eye. As ve
went in got
Arms
other. Everyone wins a prize
cannot physica!!!
Monsters
wieniar
with a chichon Foot tattoo. inside
tho
Cart
Tu veryone to not shood such
Clas: come into a midow with a he more you
of Spcom Hir accomes de cay
maratoj ppcd by fear have disadvantagi
are
to
afill toy guns.
by Swamp filled area.
Out of the fag is a cottage
Woice in castila in cloud and hear sorabile
saying 1/
Clow
nol that match
S

Beyont
Potion of Advantage
When you drink this potion,
you gain advantage on one
ability check, attack roll, or
Saving throw of your choice
that you make within the
next hour.
This potion takes the form of a
Sparkling, golden mist that moves
& pours like water.
Rool
Year of being
forgotten about.
Surrounded by the deray of the
Swarep, you're faced w) the
reality of endigs and your fear
of bang fargition grips you.
Rolls here are & DÍSARVA-VALE
but score 2x points
9/8/22213
trinkedi
fina
oak.
straped cauldron
Pumpkin
made out of boy
of Glow
worms that change
color to match the
holders mou!
Vial of viscous liquid called famorion.
spit : do not drink!
rock that flouts in the
that you can
you can hide
air that
in your
your fist.
two wands of prestidigiton
hand puppet that detect
magic
thinket.
Flac

wild beyond the witch ly, th
3/3
Got splashed by a drank patron on dragon ply
wont to
ponch
Sound
pinch
contest did not finish., second
Gad vial of viscous liquid.
wont to Goat Jousting.
Djousted Dawn, barely
Collection of baby tath in a wooden box
wooden wond 8 chorge, I charge
to cast prestigitation
t punch Grome Poetry
A punchli's
Got dunane wards of
Fey Wild trivia
prestidigitation
what two numbers are important.
(numerclogy)
What are 3 rules
Rule of Hospildity
prize:
that floats
Rute of Ownership
Quk & Reciprocil
a
accept gift it offered and
give gifts in redurn
what two courts: summer / scelia
winter & gloamning, unseelic
rock
your
fist.
that you can
nice

Wild Beyond the witchisik
1. Sea shall souffle
prize
4/
wizard hand puppet, detect magia
punch
