---
layout: session
title: "Rool — Session 07 (October 20, 2022)"
date: 2022-10-20
campaign_url: /rpg/rool/
campaign_name: "Rool"
---

Wild Beyond the witchlight
10/20/22 1/4
Q3. The last question is "Where do we find the Aliorn
worn that confree Zybilna?
Q 1. How to release Sir Talaver?
( What
Q2. How to free Zybina / Prismecer and what happened to her?
really h
Q3 were do we find the Alicorn urn
A i. The Caye's Key
Caye's Key whes in goblin hands, in
telemy
hell where she stands.
A.2 with Prismeer split along its lines,
I cannot road its distant signs.
A3. On top of a plant touching the skice
in familiar hands the horn resides
The realm disturbed must be made rislit, a unicorn's horn
Mists are phypical manifatation of the split between the Aug.
Sister's and can be resolved.
villad
you
figi
Chris Notes:
- sisters
split the realm
-Moose noodle cannot see through mister
-
Moose hoold le can see dish see alicorn horn
- Something ose needs to happen to free Zybilna
Kill hays?
Kit Dispuse mists?
Dun'
Since the knows about alicorn horn, thus it is
not sufficient it he says he cannot sec
the signs to from her
Q4 (replace) How do we defect Bavlorna? Running circks
may sound fun, but leaves huys sheezing when they're donc

214
wild Beyond the wildchlight
Tradked Pixie Dust for another question
Q. How do we get doen's recipe back
In Nite his trave lost things reside
find fray's mouth and reach inside
Q How do we leave thither
Astraw filled man in downfall's midst
Can lead you thither through the riniştr
the Coward will not stand fight
If this his long scart should har hold tight.
I thank
in rhyme as we left.
we left towars tollemy hill. We found huge
foot prints filled with water.
Chris had this memory.
about tollemy hill being
Mobile, those are the hill's footprinted
Tellona hill was large easy enough to follow.
We are greeted with the scent of Ewert für uit.
they lightly swany as the hill wolks.
fear a voice great us "Hello friends." Don't
SEC anyone.

Wild Beyond the witchlight
3/4
" Might I ask how lory we intend to stay here?"
wo
we realize that the trees were talking to us.
the trees and speaking for the hill.
the bree, tall us that Jingle Jangle the goblin
can help, she collects Kays.
As we walk, the voice goes from free to tree.
Jingle Jangle has not lefda her dan for
the better part of three days, the
havengon have been coming into her home
and abscounding with her Keys
othe cave has an entry way
carved out
like a Kay hole. Scent, of iron in air.
Candla sputtering and Keys Everywhere.
" I'm going to start fucking people up with a
flail of eldritch padlocks."
Jingle Jangle is scared of lacks, she was not
treated nicely and was left in a cage.
Baulorna
"She" tried to haly, they had powers and could
grant wishes. so she helped dingle Hangle
by less afraid of locks by having Kay S.
She had the Kay until harengoz stole the Day.
If you're looking to stay, to protect and ambush
harenson, cook dinner.

Wild Bay and the witchlight
4/44
She ask, people to help truffle hunting
Along Haw way to hunt truffles, the trees asked
if we could have her let will know before
She digs again
We exonggested that the hill could find, campeson's
to start speaking for the hill indoors
Jingle Jangle Explained she hadn't dug, it turns
out that it may have been heren gon.
Chris gave everchanging Key trinket in schang for
the knowledge about the flail
Sithe set up several exta blankub.
in the night rabbil cars came up through hola,
that changed into a spider.
Cast spike growth, it explaced from the Spikes
turned into a buist of worms, spickers, etc.
Jingle Jangle did not wake from the noise.
•We called it for the night there
