---
layout: session
title: "Rool — Session 10 (November 17, 2022)"
date: 2022-11-17
campaign_url: /rpg/rool/
campaign_name: "Rool"
---

wild Beyond the witchlight 11/17/22
· 1/2
Mystar, and a vision from the actual
fraut Crocker who nabled him to furn
in to
a trag and summon tenlacks.
went into adjacent room which was a meat
locker. Inside was a chest radiating cold.
Chris opened it and inside was a beating heart.
Down identified it
as an aff's still beating heart.
We took heart with us.
Room filled with racks filles with pickling jaus.
found a campestri who was in a jar..
The y named it Picker.
There was
one or w balcony with three cages has icla
that cages the was oka His name is Vanse!.
Satyr. Got this
Satyr
out of
Naxt room is a distillery. Mushroom based alcohol.
there is a portal to the witchlight. The word
may be is ttle spea"? or Bandsnalen ?
the Being with Baulorna is a shadow called
Charm from a shop called Spit Bauble, trinkt,
and Charm.
Dining Room has a severed goblin head over toch door.
Guest Room Mummition pixies pinned. Shadowbox broken and
cortenis missing.

Wild Beyond the For witchlight 1/17 2/2
Hallaray
Seures of portraits sad, scand, angry peopl
postuets are various sketehrs, painting, etc. mirro-
hanging just before stairs
Smilain the mirror opened a secret door to
an I shaped passage. As we go down the
passage every thin "grows." (we alls shrinking)
We are 1/20 Size Poor hold it closed by
a steel noodle Opened door
Noxt room is a study two cretures. Darb
woman having tra
Toadlike
Room
fall lean
with Baulorna?
woman with Bulging €1.0 
filthy Dicty dishes and food and stainc mild....
woman does not have a shadow.
Used spider clind to get to affic and found bedroom.
Ball of light approaches Chris.
Dawn opened door by kicking it down, there is
a dying lornling in the room and a shader.
We fought the shadow while Dawn reached into the
trop mouth. She got her cecipe.
Fancy holmed on a
