2022/11/19

* Continued upstairs and found Skabitha's bedroom, with a dollhouse, jar of moths, a cradle
    * dollhouse is fully enclosed, no open back or anything like that
    * tried to unlock the attic, but it did not seem to have a lock
    * front door requires a tiny creature to open
* room to the north is just a balcony
* to the south is a room with notes and clockwork birds
    * searched the writing desk
    * Opened note:
      `Sister, I don’t have Elidon’s horn. If I did, I would use it to free Bloodybeak and send it after the jabberwock
      that lairs in the palace and hunts in your forest. No matter what Endelyn says, that burbling beast of a dragon is
      a threat to our coven and our three realms. How Zybilna managed to befriend it, I’ll never know! Maybe we should
      ask her—ha ha.Much love, Lorna`
    * Opened another note:
      `Lovely Skab, The last time I saw the unicorn horn, it was in your possession. Pity you lost it. But fret not! I
      have gazed into the Orrery of Tragedies, and it has revealed to me that Elidon’s horn will be found. If worse
      comes to worst, recall that Elidon’s mate still dwells in your forest. You could kill Lamorna and take her
      horn—assuming, of course, you’re not too busy making toys. Your darling sister, End`
    * Opened third note:
      `Dear Sister, There’s no use asking Endelyn if she has the horn. She doesn’t tell us anything! But if we don’t find
      it soon, I fear what the jabberwock will do after it gets tired of prowling the forest and turns its fiery gaze
      elsewhere. Gods’ bodkins, that thing gives me nightmares! Must I remind you that we need a unicorn’s horn to free
      creatures from the cauldron’s time-freezing magic? It’s not enough to know their true names, you know. Of course,
      my greater concern is that someone else finds the horn and uses it for exactly that purpose. What do you think
      Zybilna will do to us, we treacherous three, if she’s no longer bound by her cauldron’s magic?
      Your beloved sister, Lorna`
* Returned to the room with the dollhouse, tied the dollhouse up when we heard sound
    * Put the dollhouse in a bag, heard screeching, so shook the dollhouse and started to run
    * Got to the kitchen
    * Used pixie dust to fly to the south
    * Found some redcaps in the way, killed them off, flew away
* On our way out of Thither, we run into the treehouse with the Treant
    * Run into Elkhorn
    * He said if we are going to the palace, he'd like to go with us
* Bargained with Endolyn gave her the dollhouse and the stuffed cat
    * We got Hurley's shadow and freedom
    * We got my lost thing back, which was a wand of smiles
    * She would not give us the lost sister (Glister) for the dollhouse
* We went outside and had a long discussion about our options
    * We could either sneak up to the bell and ring it, but we'd leave behind the companions
        * We would also be visible, and if we took the horn risk losing it
    * We could cause chaos and summon the brigganocks and korreds and free prisoners
        * If we made sure lots of chaos happened around us, we might avoid being noticed
        * We could get Glisten which would allow us to return her to Gleam, which would het Amidor to guide us
* We decided to free prisoners/slaves and get Amidor to help us
    * We were caught almost immediately by Skylla/Charmay who animated objects to attack us
    * fought her and knocked her unconscious, took her stuff and got some items from the goblins
* We summoned brigganocks/korreds
    * darklings were kept busy by the invaders
    * Stagefright was constrained by the ropes from the korreds
    * he was offered quarter if he gave up the scepter, which he did
* We ran up to the prison with the scepter, we were able to use it to open the door
    * We freed Glisten and intend to head back to the entrance to meet back up with the companions

We ended it here.

